feat!: remove Content Libraries V2 index (#33888)
openedx/edx-platform: openedx/core/djangoapps/content_libraries/docs/decisions/0001-index-libraries-in-elasticsearch.rst

Status
------

**Revoked**

In Dec 2023, we decided to remove the code supporting this decision, because:

* The index is disabled on edx.org, which will initially be the only user
  of Content Libraries V2.
* As we migrate libraries from Modulestore to Blockstore and then from
  Blockstore to Learning Core, the unused indexing code increases complexity
  and decreases certainty.
* With the decision to migrate from Blockstore-the-service to an in-process
  storage backend (that is: Blockstore-the-app or Learning Core), it seems
  that we will be able to simply use Django ORM in order to filter/sort/search
  Content Library V2 metadata for the library listing page.

> * Searching Content Library V2 *block* metadata may still require indexing,
>   but that feature is not implemented yet. Furthermore, it seems that the
>   current implementation does not take into account library versioning; that
>   is, someone may be picking blocks from an out-of-date content library. This
>   would not work exactly right with the current library block index, which
>   only indexes the latest draft version of blocks.

Author: ```suggestion
* Searching Content Library V2 *block* content would still require indexing,
  but we would rather implement that in Learning Core than use the current
  implementation in the content_libraries app, which is untested, library-
  specific, and doesn't take into account library versioning. It always uses
  the latest draft, which is good for Library Authoring purposes, but not good for
  Course Authoring purposes.
```

Correction/clarification
